```
LOGICMOO SOFTWARE Platform Copyright© 1995-2021 Douglas Miles, LOGICMOO, Inc., Vancouver, WA,
USA. and [CHANGELOG.md]

All rights reserved.

The LOGICMOO SOFTWARE Platform consists of code,that represents or supports the
representation of facts and rules pertaining to consensus reality. The LOGICMOO
code Platform is the "library" referred to in the LGPL license. The terms of
this license equally apply to renamings and other logically equivalent
reformulations of the Knowledge Platform (or portions thereof) in any natural
or formal language. 

  The LOGICMOO Prolog API and Non-LOGICMOO Source Code

Some other programs from those listed above are provided as open source. All of
the programs of this type that currently ship with LOGICMOO use the LGPL
License (listed below), but it is possible that future released programs may
use a different license. All license and copyright information for these
programs are included in their distributions. 

LOGICMOO Platform consists of source code version of the LOGICMOO Inference
Engine and as well as the LOGICMOO suite of open source tools for rapidly
extracting and modelling knowledge from domain experts and others.  The
LOGICMOO Platform consists of a binary derivative version of the Cyc® Knowledge
Base Index which is licenced under OpenCYC License. 

LOGICMOO is providing a free-of-charge license to the LOGICMOO SOFTWARE
Platform that grants the Licensee the revocable right to download, to use, and
to distribute the LOGICMOO SOFTWARE Platform in binary form for commercial or
non-commercial use. By obtaining information, software, and/or documentation of
the LOGICMOO SOFTWARE Platform in whole or in part (collectively, "Material"),
you agree to be legally bound by the terms of the following LOGICMOO
Free-of-Charge Software License.


=========================================================================

LOGICMOO Free-of-Charge Software

The following Terms and Conditions apply only to the free-of-charge software
and related documentation (referred to hereinafter as "SOFTWARE") 

The SOFTWARE is provided to you and other users who use the SOFTWARE
(collectively referred to as "User" or "Users"), and is subject to these "Terms
and Conditions of Use" from hereinafter referred to as ("Terms and Conditions"
or "Agreement").

For the latest versions of the SOFTWARE please check http://www.logicmoo.org/. 

The SOFTWARE is provided as free (beta) SOFTWARE to any "User/Users" who
agree/who agree to abide by these "Terms and Conditions". "Users" who violate
the terms of these "Terms and Conditions" may be permanently or temporarily
banned from using the SOFTWARE, at LOGICMOO's sole discretion.

            LOGICMOO Free-of-Charge Software Agreement

Your use of the SOFTWARE indicates your acceptance of the following "Terms and
Conditions". If you do not agree to these "Terms and Conditions", you may not
install or use the SOFTWARE.


0. Summary

LOGICMOO provides this SOFTWARE with the aim that it will be a useful product,
but we provide it WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 


1. Ownership and License

The SOFTWARE is owned by LOGICMOO or one of its subsidiaries ("LOGICMOO") and
is copyrighted and licensed, not sold.

LOGICMOO grants, free of charge, any party obtaining a copy of these files
("YOU") a full but restricted (revocable), world-wide, non-exclusive,
non-transferable right and license to download the SOFTWARE and to use it for
lawful purposes. Furthermore you agree that you shall not use the SOFTWARE to
infringe on the privacy, legal rights, or human rights, as defined in the
International Bill of Rights, of any persons or organizations.  Any other
implied licenses are negated.

YOU may use, copy, modify, incorporate or create derivatives of and distribute
in binary all or portions of the LOGICMOO Free-Of-Charge SOFTWARE.  YOU may not
reverse assemble, reverse compile, or otherwise translate the binary forms of
the SOFTWARE. 

The above rights are granted subject to the conditions that 

* Anything that you charge for product or application does not include any
charge for the LOGICMOO SOFTWARE or any unmodified portion thereof; 

* Any distribution of LOGICMOO SOFTWARE or any portion of LOGICMOO SOFTWARE is
accompanied by this license and copyright information; YOU acknowledge
LOGICMOO, Vancouver, WA 98660 in any use or citation of the Material (including, 
as applicable, as part of your product's documentation, presentation, packaging,
and sign-on message, if said product incorporates some or all of the LOGICMOO SOFTWARE).


2. Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

LOGICMOO licenses the SOFTWARE to YOU on an "as is" basis, without warranty of
any kind. LOGICMOO hereby expressly disclaims all warranties or conditions,
either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties or conditions of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. 

YOU are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using this
SOFTWARE and assume all risks associated with the use of this SOFTWARE, which
includes but is not limited to the risks of program errors, damage to or loss
of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of
operations. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion or limitation of
implied warranties, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply in
those cases.

LOGICMOO will not be liable for any direct damages or for any special,
incidental, or indirect damages or for any economic consequential damages
(including lost profits or savings), even if LOGICMOO has been advised of the
possibility of such damages. LOGICMOO will not be liable for the loss of, or
damage to, Your records or data, or any damages claimed by YOU based on a third
party claim. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may
not apply in those cases. 


3. Inverse License Rights

YOU hereby grant to LOGICMOO irrevocable permission under all intellectual
property rights (including copyright) for LOGICMOO to use, copy, distribute,
sublicense, display, perform and prepare derivative works based upon any
feedback, including materials, fixes, error corrections, enhancements,
suggestions and the like that you provide to LOGICMOO. 


4. High Risk Activities

The SOFTWARE is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or
intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous
environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of
direct life support machines, nuclear facilities, air traffic control, aircraft
navigation or communication systems, self driving transportation, healthcare or
weapons systems, or any other product in which the failure of the SOFTWARE
could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or
environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). 

Accordingly, LOGICMOO and licensors specifically disclaim any express or
implied warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities. YOU agree that LOGICMOO
and its suppliers and licensors will not be liable for any claims or damages
arising from the use of the SOFTWARE in such applications. 


5. General

This Agreement is the entire agreement between YOU and LOGICMOO and supersedes
any other communications or advertising with respect to the SOFTWARE or related
documentation. This Agreement may be amended only in writing and has to be
signed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the
remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. This
Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods. A waiver by either party of any term or
condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, shall
not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. 

Using or installing the SOFTWARE means that YOU accept and agree to be bound by
the "Terms and Conditions". From time to time LOGICMOO may notify "Users" about
updates or new versions of the SOFTWARE, in whole or part. When you download,
install or use the updated or new versions of the SOFTWARE, you are bound by
these "Terms and Conditions". If you do not agree to abide by these terms, you
may not use the SOFTWARE.

```

